I cant make any code commit or code change today I have severe headache.

I am doing the sailforce trailhead today and had office whole morning and work in the evening so not
updating the codes

16-7-2024
Working on share certificates

19-07-2024
Did the vscode setup for Dreamhouse project and my org login is failing. I am so tired. Tomorrow I have to travel to Kalighat temple and do paperwork
for my father and pack and so much of work. 
Growing up sucks, with bad breakups, tired mornings still wake up to attend office not giving up on coding because I dont want to fail
and taking care of mental health, worrying about my parents, and planning future.

20-07-2024
Working on the share certifcates.

21-07-2024
Working on share certificates, packing for tomorrow going back to bangalore this time for better. 
Tonight was bright moon and guru purnima. It was so peaceful to stay in home sometimes though there were bitter stuffs.
I am grateful to my parents and sister who revived me up from everything.

28-07-2024
Reworked on my cv and posted my github links. Will make it to job postings and jobs

04-08-2024
Just travelled around and walked around in the old bangalore places. Visited aquarium, cubbon park. It didnot really feel bad to travel alone 
Did miss my ex a bit but then he didnt really like travelling in crowded places. So thats fine.
umm you should really go to Kolkata zoo once the variety is really amazing . The sheer fear it used to cause in that crocodile zone ... 
Will do the code submits from tomorrow. I am too tired now .

08-08-2024
Todays is lion's gate portal. I am supposed to be manifesting good things.. so I aim at building good product be good at coding write good codes. 
Having good people genuine people who see me. Good partner. 

09-08-2024 -- 10-08-2024
Working on office jira, still today working on it.

12-08-2024
Have been working from 9:30 am with office work . I am tired af. This close to dropping dead with fever and literally 12 hr of screen sharing and 
debugging historical code. Missing my ex so much like so much. Had cried the whole day.

13-08-2024
I am working since, 9:30 am. I am too tired to even open laptop. 

14-08-2024
Its not that late and since last 4 days I havent made proper code submits. This time I made good progress with my office works and one who low key 
bothers me in office is moving to a different team. I would submit code tomorrow whole day and probably watch a movie. 

18-08-2024
Played badminton , working on office stuff. Things are looking good. Things are all ok now.

22-08-2024
I didnot have much work today, nor go for badminton today. I did start with dating, as I have to go ahead in my life. Cant stay in limbo waiting for good to happen.
I want to stay in strict discipline and even maintain a good life. I dont want to go back to old patterns. Look after my parents and make my parents happy. Work through
all my insecurities and do good stuff.
From Monday I promise to complete the resume and complete the adventurer rank. And move forward.

23-08-2024
So I came back from a date, and the guy was good only N----. To let you know got him from Hinge and it was all good all the conversations and alluntil I realised that 
I had serious period leaks happening. And I freaked out bad and was so fumbled up that wanted to run away untilhe spoke softly and said its chill and my whole dress was 
mostly covered with blood.

24-08-2024
Went on to another date, the guy was good too. He bought pink roses for me. I had written in diary about the pink roses so I dont know, there is not very much 
attraction and he is not looking for something serious. So I dont know whether to continue seeing him. I did feel bad and weird about not being with Vineeth. Maybe
look forward to second date. Lets see. S------ . Talking on with him 

25-08-2024
Another day another date, may be the guy was too bit full of himself. He did bring pack of 5 chocolates. I did talk something weird that made him feel bit weird and 
I feel its fine to not let my abandonment issues not to get the worse out of me. So that is not the person for you who cant give me reassurance or is bit too selfish.
So heal yourself, you will be fine for the rest of the stuffs dont worry much. M---- . I do feel bit weird after the bad date but then its ok . I shouldnt have gotten 
drunk. Its fine to ask for reassurance. So all good 

26-08-2024
In another day another date of mine, Ak--- . He was sober and still into me but wore his ex s ring to a date. and asked me if I would stop dating altogether.
I did find that nice and cute for him because he was bit afraid to lose me but then I felt too much of him. Maybe he is a genuine guy and he was and I understand where 
he is coming from, after getting out of a long term relationship people are afraid they would lose out on. 

27-08-2024
Met a guy called S------. Had very nice date with him, with lots of laughter, joy and fun. I am bit dicey about him because on paper he looks pretty good. 
I dont know what comes behind him.
Is it wrong to go with the flow with him. 

28-08-2024
Hi there its getting bit hectic with everything going on. I would agree that the crowd here is bit better than b----.
So everything is sort of trial and error and it needs to be like that. That is all sort ofthings happening and working. 
Now that there is whole set of dynamics going round. So dont worry things would have been eventually gone like this
probably and when things with Vineeth ended on 8th March as sign of destruction on shiv ratra. Things are all going out
in good way. 

1-09-2024
Hi there I am stuck at badminton court for 2 hrs, I will go back and complete my resume as I promised. 

2-09-2024
I am willing to put out to do the stuff. I again made Antara text Vineeth and this time though I expected it was way worse.
But then again I am over it now. Like it feels like a day to day job now. Earlier I had a feeling of loss but then again 
as day passes it feels all was better in my favour. I thank god its over for good. 

4-09-24
Its been a good day at work with everything.

5-09-2024
Stuck at work with custom metadata. Could complete it . Would write complete about it. 

10-09-24
Working since 9am . Seniority !!!!

11-09-24
Things are going great at work so will the family front and I will meet the love of my life. It will be serene
peace no confusion and just all good.
The more I think about my relationship with Vin I realise I started loving him a month later after breaking up. Uptil
that time it was attachment, addiction, convinience, trying to prove people, trying to get my self esteem high after 
being treated like shitt by Am---. 
The more I understood about how I hurt Vin the more things started settling down it started easing up and knowing that
he didnt have to go through that and if I loved him enough I would let him just leave and let him find his peace away from me.
I did definitely grieve the end of that relation, never was I as close to anybody like him and the constant doubting that
is it too good to be true made me self sabotage the things I prayed for. 
I never understood the meaning of the phrase when I read that 'Love is expansive'.
I could never really feel love, I always doubted people for their intentions because I always thought I had to work for it.
I knwo it stems from my childhood traumas and sometimes I am grateful for the experience and sometimes sad. 
I prayed for salvation of my mistakes as well as his. 
But then other times I do realise that he was all along since day 1 discussing everything with his friends all my 
whereabouts with his friends and every step that he was taking his friends were also suggesting him stuff which kind of 
made him ugly inside out (though I dont normally use these phrases for people). He discussed with his friends what to do 
and what not to do and how to show masculanity so I believe I left that with minimum casuality.
I know that he wont have spine to even get it inhis head with his share of stuff because that takes courage. 
He couldnt even properly reply back to his manager let alone life challenging things. So its better done and gone than be 
in a miserable, lazy, effortless relationship.

27-02-2025 (Rewinding)
I wrote the above piece when I had contradicting thoughts and was having hard time letting go of the person and even pain seemed like a 
memory to stay attached to. I wish enough peace and happiness to all the people that were involved. I had lots of firsts and lots of vivid
memories that were gentle, moist, surreal hugs and I have gratitude for all the food that I got from him, the accomodation, the financial helps that 
I needed at that time to go along with my life there in bangalore.

13-09-24
I delivered work this sprint with my responsibility led the team. I am looking forward to doing so much better
coding wise work wise and leading teams.

14-09-24
1st interview in almost 3 yrs for salesforce developer. It was bit fumbling but it went okish, I knew stuff TCS 
so good enough.

15-09-24
I went to Debanj--- place and her one other friend . For some reason it felt different like not what I had felt 
kind of weird energy and it was all smooth.

16-09-24
I got stood up in a date. All time low on my confidence. But my existensial crisis got over when one office colleague
keeps on pestering me all day while, her frustration keeps on increasing with every minute after 6 pm.

17-09-24
I am handling this sprints complete work starting from data creation and cleaning to raising pr and cors.

20-09-24
Time flies so fast that it doesnot really make sense hoe 8 months passed away. I saw the inner meanings of Krishna Raas Leela
and I dont realise still today was it all staged and planned for certain redirections and healings that wouldnt have happened 
and occured. I didnt even realise why tears came tricking down and why hadnt I heard something so pure and blissful like the
bhagwatm before.
  27-02-2025 - Update I bought Srimad Bhagvatam and it is absolutely amazing as to how it starts with Chaitanya Mahaprabhu from Navadeep 
              talks about Krishna consciousness and so far its very engrossing.

21-09-24
I missed Vin today, thoda zyada than the previous days. I went out on a date with Ansh. It was good. The drinks, the talks
I miss Vin's smell though. Too drunk to write codes today

24-09-24
Couple of days at Suds place was so good. Cooked, ate and mostly slept in here and so much of talks and conversations. 
So it was good and with Glenfidich.

26-09-24
I went to TechSparks today. It was amazing, so worth my 2500. Idiot me missed the 25 yesterdays git submit.
27-09-24
I promise on completing 3000 rank in adventurer after the tech event.

28-09-24
I am talking to Up. but as I talk to her she tells me how she feels so pressurised to get married with S.... da even though
they are engaged for over 2 yrs and had gotten registry. I wish I could make ever Vin understand what I felt when his 
parents came to my place and the pressure of marriage that comes with it to do everything correct and the responsibilities. 
How everything revolves around marriage for a girl and how it is an accomplishment. I thought it was different with me, 
because me and Vin had just met 6 months back and the things fastracked. But its a commitment for life and everybody freaks 
out at it even for people who stay in live-in for 4 yrs. 

2-10-24
As I go ahead, there are flashbacks and horrible mental picture of the night of 8-03-24. It took a lot from my end to
be where I am now with meditation, running I am doing so much better than what the last 2 yrs has been for me.
I from now on accept to surrender. The goods, the bads. Last two years I had prayed so much about how to make me courageous,
fearless strong in workplace, efficient. Now that all of it coming step by step it came with a price to it. It came at
a cost and a price to pay. So people should really be careful about what they ask for, because once they get that they dont know
how to hold it together or what price one needs to pay for that.

05-10-24
I went out on a date. It was good only. The guy is smart good enough, and respectful. Healthy conversation and it was 
overall good.
27-02-2025 -  As of today I dont even remember who all I went on a adate with.

20-10-24
I came back in home for Durga puja and Kali puja, Did you know West Bengal has 13 Shakti Peeths in here and rest are spread 
over other states of India, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri-Lanka area.
Sometimes it hurts so much to see land of culture, heritage, intelligence, rational thinking going to all doom.
Every woman/man who is searching for some purpose or reason they go through something traumatic that would shake up their
core existence and belief system. At that point I felt finding meaning in something deeper and higher gives solace and a way
to navigate through that deep boulder of pain that we put upon us. We are forced to recaliberate everything again leaving 
our old thought process and patterns to build something new on a strong foundation. To all the gods and goddesses that I 
pray to when I opted for submission and acceptance things started getting better. Instead of doubt and fear I chose to have 
faith and hope on something higher than me.
I discovered parts of myself that are joyous, elated, lovely at the same time scared, ashamed, guilty, nervous, anxious
and I accepted all of them with open hearts and gave them separate areas to live within in my brain not casting any of them 
away. It takes lot of practise though.
Sometimes I feel bad that things didnt work out with me and Aniket who was genuinely nice and caring and I have the regret 
of losing him but then it was always destiny working out its finest.

21-10-24
Sorry about today, will continue from tomorrow.

25-04-2024
I will do the overthewire.org

26-10-2024
I recently heard something unfateful about someone, it led me to think about how unpredictable life is and how sudden events 
take turn and makes quick turns and changes whole course of things. How petty we are for holding onto grudges, not forgiving
I know it is well difficult to remain calm when storms are heaving up and nothing goes in your favour.
During March when it felt like it wont get any better, I am grateful that my pa and ma called me back home and looked after me
they took turns staying home to look after me and half of the time I ended up saying unkind and harsh things to them.
In my previous office it was in a short place I was one of their good hirings, my employer had faith on me. One of my very close 
person he was ideally a clerk but a very good one he always rooted for me. Sometimes I miss them
Sometimes I miss my ex, the companionship the ability to discuss anything without judgement. At times it feels blank and at times
regret exists, but then if we didnt have regret we wouldnt have known what worked for us and what didnt.
so you never know what future holds. Life turns up to be something magical and blissful and magnificient. All of what I am today
is product of so many factors in all of way. 
I feel like pursuing Phd in IIT kgp something worth researching for, walking around in those streets at night with group of 
amazing friends. Fingers crossed.

27-10-2024
Thought of couple of ideas related to what to work on. But the skillset is very different than what I am working on in here
related to NLP and generative texts.

27-02-2025
Two of my close friends got married. It was very enjoyable two people in love over a prolonged period of time battling
fights and everything and be together for the rest of their life.

02-03-2025
Cant believe how time went by in a wink. 
